= ruby-xen-web-frontend (born jun 2009)

http://github.com/renemadsen/ruby-xen-web-frontend/

== DESCRIPTION:

The intention is to create a full blown web frontend, which should 
enable you to create user accounts and manage your DomU's.

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:

   Be able to manage users.
   Be able to see info about the current selected Xen node.
   Be able to create/start/stop DomUs
   Be able to add Xen nodes and connect to them through some sort of RESTful api.
   Be able to monitor the Xen nodes.
   Be able to monitor the DomUs.
   Be able to have a vnc terminal of the DomUs.

== REQUIREMENTS:

ruby-xen is required to make this project work with xen administration.
For now a Debian Lenny installation with a working installation of Xen and Xen-tools.

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2009 Schultz Consult - Rene Madsen

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
